README.md, before:


# Veterinaries API



## Installation

Install vets API with npm

```bash
  npm install
  npm run dev
```

Run Postgresql Database Script
```http
../src/database/scripts/script.sql
```
    

## SwaggerDocs
```http
  /api/v1/docs
```

## API Reference

#### Get all vets

```http
  GET /api/v1/vets
```

#### Get vet

```http
  GET /api/v1/vets/${id}
```

| Parameter | Type     | Description                       |
| :-------- | :------- | :-------------------------------- |
| `id`      | `string` | **Required**. Id of vet to fetch |

#### Post vet

```http
  POST /api/v1/vets/
```

| Body Parameter | Type     | Description                       |
| :-------- | :------- | :-------------------------------- |
| `name`      | `string` | **Required**. Name of vet to post |
| `address`      | `string` | **Required**. Address of vet to post |
| `phone`      | `string` | **Required**. Phone of vet to post |

#### Delete vet

```http
  DELETE /api/v1/vets/${id}
```

| Body Parameter | Type     | Description                       |
| :-------- | :------- | :-------------------------------- |
| `id`      | `integer` | **Required**. Id of vet to delete |

#### Edit vet

```http
  Put /api/v1/vets/${id}
```

| Body Parameter | Type     | Description                       |
| :-------- | :------- | :-------------------------------- |
| `name`      | `string` | **Required**. Id of vet to edit |
| `address`      | `string` | **Required**. address of vet to edit |
| `phone`      | `string` | **Required**. phone of vet to edit |

Commit message:

docs: update README to include chat route and improve parameter tables

README.md, after:

# Veterinaries API

## Chat route

```http
/api/v1/chat
```

## Installation

Install vets API with npm

```bash
  npm install
  npm run dev
```

Run Postgresql Database Script

```http
../src/database/scripts/script.sql
```

## SwaggerDocs

```http
  /api/v1/docs
```

## API Reference

#### Get all vets

```http
  GET /api/v1/vets
```

#### Get vet

```http
  GET /api/v1/vets/${id}
```

| Parameter | Type     | Description                      |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------------- |
| `id`      | `string` | **Required**. Id of vet to fetch |

#### Post vet

```http
  POST /api/v1/vets/
```

| Body Parameter | Type     | Description                          |
| :------------- | :------- | :----------------------------------- |
| `name`         | `string` | **Required**. Name of vet to post    |
| `address`      | `string` | **Required**. Address of vet to post |
| `phone`        | `string` | **Required**. Phone of vet to post   |

#### Delete vet

```http
  DELETE /api/v1/vets/${id}
```

| Body Parameter | Type      | Description                       |
| :------------- | :-------- | :-------------------------------- |
| `id`           | `integer` | **Required**. Id of vet to delete |

#### Edit vet

```http
  Put /api/v1/vets/${id}
```

| Body Parameter | Type     | Description                          |
| :------------- | :------- | :----------------------------------- |
| `name`         | `string` | **Required**. Id of vet to edit      |
| `address`      | `string` | **Required**. address of vet to edit |
| `phone`        | `string` | **Required**. phone of vet to edit   |
